hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today's review is brought to you by
boredom I'm all alone on a Sunday night
and I have nothing to do so I thought
that I would review the lush cosmetics
mask of Magnum NT for you so if you
watched my last video you will know that
it was a haul and part of that included
some products from lush we only got lush
a month ago here and I've already been
twice I went back the second time
because the first time they were all out
of this and I went back to go get it so
I got it and the reason why this
appealed to me is because number one
Jaclyn hill featured this on her channel
and she said she loves it she is the
number one YouTube PD guru of all time
and my eyes so that's the first reason I
wanted to try it the second is that it
contains peppermint oil and I love
anything that smells like peppermint and
third of all this contains evening
primrose seed now if you're not familiar
with evening primrose the oil which is a
derivative of the seed that is in the
mask is used to combat acne inflammation
and even PMS symptoms and so it's
amazing it's a it's well known as a
health benefit to take evening primrose
oil supplements so the seed is in here
so those three things are what made me
want to buy this mask now if you take a
look at it it is pretty chunky it's
green it smells amazing it smells like
peppermint and the little chunks in
there are something called a Dookie
beads it sounds horrible I don't know
what it is but it feels really nice on
your skin and they're very soft and they
do help exfoliate even though they are
soft so I'm gonna go ahead and apply
this for you and you will get to see me
doing that and you're supposed to leave
it on for 5 or 10 minutes so I'm gonna
have to find a way to kill 10 minutes
while this dries on my face
so we are heading off to the bathroom
and normally what I do is apply this in
the shower but obviously I'm not going
to take a video of myself in the shower
for you guys so I'm going to be applying
this at my seat
close up so you can see my skin is
fairly clean right now it's not
miraculous when it comes to cleaning out
your pores but it really helps with the
inflammation of your skin and it really
helps to calm the skin I do have a
couple recommendations coming from
experience with using this mask I've put
it on wet and I've put it on dry and I
would recommend neither normally I do
like to put this on in the shower and so
what I like to do is stick my face out
of the shower and towel dry it really
quick go back into the shower and then
apply this on my face because if it's
dry it's not going to spread around if
it's wet it's going to spread around too
easily and you won't get a nice thick
layer of mask so if you have a nice damp
moist face then that is the best way to
apply this mask this product was made by
Audrey on April 15th 2014 and it expires
on August 15 2014 and so yes it does
expire I would recommend definitely
using it up before the expiration date
now unlike a lot of lush products but
this one you do not have to keep in the
fridge and so yes it does expire but
because of the oils in it that will help
preserve it for that four month time
period another recommendation is I would
wash any makeup off that you have on
your face before applying this mask
because it does not have any makeup
removers in it it has a lot of oils in
it so if you apply the mask on top of
your makeup it could trap the makeup in
your pores and then cause you to break
out so make sure your face is clear of
any makeup
lastly my final tip is leave it on for
the full 10 minutes that's usually about
how long it takes for it to actually dry
onto your face and as long as you don't
put an extremely thick layer of this
mask on your face then it will dry it
all the way so that's gonna do it for my
review today you guys thank you so much
for watching I appreciate it very very
much if you like this video go ahead and
click like and subscribe and if there is
any other review that you would like to
see go ahead and leave that in the
comments below
thank you so much for watching bye